c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.dll.config
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.pdb
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\DAL.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\DAL.pdb
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\obj\Debug\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\obj\Debug\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.dll
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\obj\Debug\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.pdb
c:\users\daniel.cardoso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\GridMvc.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.dll.config
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.pdb
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\DAL.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\GridMvc.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\DAL.pdb
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\obj\Debug\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\obj\Debug\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.dll
C:\GIT\Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web\obj\Debug\Conductor.Orcamentacao.Web.pdb
